[CQT-337] Add pragmas to specification. (#83)
QuTech-Delft/cQASM-spec: docs/language_specification/tokens/backend_code.md

> Backend code is any _raw text_ that appears in the body of an 
> [assembly declaration](../statements/assembly_declaration.md).
> Its syntax and semantics are wholly determined by the backend for which the text is written.
> The only restriction on the backend code is described in the warning below and
> stems from the syntax of the assembly declaration.
> 
> !!! warning "Curly brackets in backend code must match"
> 
>     Since backend code is written in the body of an 
>     [assembly declaration](../statements/assembly_declaration.md),
>     it is essential that any curly brackets, `{` or `}`, appearing in the backend code must match.
>     That is, any opening curly bracket `{` must eventually be matched by a closing curly bracket `}`.
>     The reason for this, is that the cQASM language parser will classify backend code as any raw text that is enclosed
>     by the curly brackets of the assembly declaration.
> 
>     Note that a closing bracket `}` can, therefore, never occur before an opening curly bracket `{` in the backend code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Backend code is any _raw text_ that can appear in the body of an 
[assembly declaration](../statements/assembly_declaration.md).
Its syntax and semantics are wholly determined by the backend for which the text is written.
The only restriction is described in the warning below and
stems from the syntax of the assembly declaration.

!!! warning "Curly brace sequences within backend code, if any, must match"

    Backend code, if not empty, starts right after the opening curly brace `{` of an assembly declaration,
    and ends right before the first matching closing curly brace `}`.
    That means that inner closing curly braces can be used
    as long as they correctly match other inner opening curly braces. 
    
    The following sequences are all valid for a backend code text:

    ```
    asm(Backend) {}
    asm(Backend) { a {b} }  // '{b}' is a correct inner curly brace sequence
    asm(Backend) { a {} {{b}} c }  // '{}' and '{{b}}' are correct inner curly brace sequences
    ```

    While these other would result in a parsing error:

    ```
    asm(Backend) { a } b }  // 'b }' would be treated as an invalid sequence of tokens
    asm(Backend) { a }{}{ b }  // '{}{b }' would be treated as an invalid sequence of tokens
    ```

```

Can appear because it may be that the backend code section is empty.
